Project 1 - Class Portfolio Changelog and Other Answers

1.) What did you change and enhance?

-- Some major changes I made to my design is effective use of Javascript. I had
-- a basic understanding of Javascript going into the project so I undestood the
-- basics and played with them. In this second part I had a better idea of
-- element selection and use of Ajax.

PROJECT: I ended up changing my Projects page first by changing my todo list to use AJAX
to perform PHP POST and GET operations to asynchronously add, mark, and remove
items from a todo list.To this page I also added some other important projects
that I had made in my Data Structures and Algorithm's classes.

SCHOOLWORK: I ended up changing my Schoolwork page by using Javascript to make
toggles that show and hide my term information and catagorized the classes by
semester.

EXTRA: I ended up changeing my Extracorricular page by using AJAX to change out
the videos within an iframe by selecting from my custom card gallery. Secondly
I hosted my audio files with SoundCloud so that users can play Vectors music
from my web page. And hosting was neccesary to allow me to contain all of 
my audio files.

BETA: This is a fun page that I made that is basically a chat client that
allows you to chat with fellow users of my page. It is in beta because I
did not have true means of testing multiple users on my page.

OTHER: expiromented with PHP to cache pages so that when user goes back and forth
within my sites pages the page is cached.

2.) If there was a third part what would you like to implement?

I recently researched the uses of Angular.js, Node.js, and React.js and if there
was a third segment it would probably be geared towards implemeting one of the
above frameworks.

3.) What did you learn between part 1 and part 2?

So between the first and second project I learned that Javascript is super cool
and allows you to do so many things client side. The first half of the semester
I was convinced PHP was the way to go based on how powerful of a scripting
language it is, but then I learned how Javascript utilizing JQuery and AJAX
makes all of that PHP scripting look very good and be more user friendly and fast.


4.) What did you like about this project?

I was a big fan of the project and believe it's the right approach to allowing
students to create something that is meaningful and useful. It has been very
beneficial to me in displaying my web development skills and interests. It was
very fun to make. 

5.) How could it have been better?

Based on personal interests I would've loved to have worked more in Angular.js
or React.js a little bit at the end of the semester and I was also excited
to work in Node.js or learn how to implement an API or use OAuth. Besides that 
it was extremely useful and beneficial to me.

P.S. I wasn't sure based on class, but I was curious if Branding Brand was
offering summer internships. If not do you believe I have a skillset a web
development company would be looking for?

Thank you for your time if you decide to give me feedback on this. :)
